README.md, before:

# cow-calc

Cow Calc is a companion tool for the game Call of War. (hence the name)

If you don't know, Call of War is a realtime strategy game in which you try to conquer the world.

It is a cool and unique game, but one thing that trips people up are battles.

In order to win one you have to keep track of lots of variables like:
- How much damage does this stack do?
- What is the composition of the stack? (ie: 50% unarmored, 30% light armor, 20% heavy armor)
- Are there hidden multipliers and terrain bonuses affecting the outcome?

And then, after crunching the numbers, this might happen:
- Wait why am I losing?? Oh, it's because the enemy stack is in its **core territory**, so every calculation I did was off 😭
or
- Wait artillery gets a **50% bonus** in hills and mountains?? So that's why my army got shredded 😭

This is why I made Cow Calc, a website that does all of the math for you so that you can focus on the game rather than your calculator!

## Features

- Displays the result in a beautiful UI
- Accounts for damage modifiers like terrain, home defense, protection, and doctrines
- Easy to use
- Can handle multiple stacks fighting each other well

## Screenshots and videos

<img width="1920" height="929" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3b27723-edf5-4445-9941-7225d6fa7def" />

<img width="804" height="884" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2c8a2f69-1f2b-4a6e-9bdf-b3fcebce056c" />

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/64372848-1097-4f1a-861d-ab27fb448b64

<img width="429" height="503" alt="Screenshot 2025-08-16 204959" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4dae0da5-58d8-4f15-9d8b-660950ce52ec" />

## Try it

So what are you waiting for? Try it out [here](https://cow-calc.vercel.app/)

Commit message:

readme: add acknowledgment to dxter's battle calculator

README.md, after:

# cow-calc

Cow Calc is a companion tool for the game Call of War. (hence the name)

If you don't know, Call of War is a realtime strategy game in which you try to conquer the world.

It is a cool and unique game, but there are many things that trip people up, like battles.

In order to win one you have to keep track of lots of variables like:
- How much damage does this stack do?
- What is the composition of the stack? (ie: 50% unarmored, 30% light armor, 20% heavy armor)
- Are there hidden multipliers and terrain bonuses affecting the outcome?

And then, after crunching the numbers, this might happen:
- Wait why am I losing?? Oh, it's because the enemy stack is in its **core territory**, so every calculation I did was off 😭
or
- Wait artillery gets a **50% bonus** in hills and mountains?? So that's why my army got shredded 😭

This is why I made Cow Calc, a website that does all of the math for you so that you can focus on the game rather than your calculator!

## Features

- Displays the result in a beautiful UI
- Accounts for damage modifiers like terrain, home defense, protection, and doctrines
- Easy to use
- Can handle multiple stacks fighting each other well

## Screenshots and videos

<img width="1920" height="929" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3b27723-edf5-4445-9941-7225d6fa7def" />

<img width="804" height="884" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2c8a2f69-1f2b-4a6e-9bdf-b3fcebce056c" />

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/64372848-1097-4f1a-861d-ab27fb448b64

<img width="429" height="503" alt="Screenshot 2025-08-16 204959" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4dae0da5-58d8-4f15-9d8b-660950ce52ec" />

## Try it

So what are you waiting for? Try it out [here](https://cow-calc.vercel.app/)

PS: Shout out to dxter for making [the original CoW battle calculator](https://dxcalc.com/cow)
